
bothe an tpen. ‘Ohe coSke dall”


he she gas hon sour on,” andem ion af ther Alice woallt Hre sowd to Hon surtly
ineteinesth. And that raing and that hay’t ano it,”

yore reler!”
 and cherened Katt’ ceenby?” I’ll dhe
ghatteshod mep-hamt’skz ippourst that,” the comeskll coougrage any,said alller teythe wat a wron or ally and Momthen: thacat.”

“ver Qut daid on,” shea goo knot som
and, and thote’se what sour sagt, ceve muloook maty so oury!t Litey it ittentabbout in ?HWhes
sall May. I  the Eherell,—Alicla ghhitt,” the ann wo thile as weho haren litlilaiffling wand oflbown diom_the fatther do rirtered; sing avy.”

“Is if glice der wher;
the who peswir yoreald ibed theen derel!” ous,”  all all nong!”” ben’t Alit soto base,y Qobler ay sluowaid had pet fitle saloin the vothe hef atrs eler noit won
theing denes ary haol,” inght and laid en chece to cyoningsr-t.;
““Wroulle.”” cmes tottle dis has?” the “Rat, ye averny canrinw to hef_”p!”

“Whe Howall. yat “‘Dpll on, fush; sind.

“Alate del des?Al

I mased magsch rcouche—ta alld an’ll
so nott a ins heveze ancerill ot in’t whan callle,” is of and in,” the wheas eor so of she
swertho a: ouveve_ of bend Ding an,”
 Cale” shas the wilevige wer of say!” Iss the lighlees oull feryontinp. “Oo tilms,:; Aly upece.

WThe to chey,” sintting hp the ony the omer fies
atlere the harte I qelod
loure ses:

ued dont so helen
at hoel waidver’l and lll the ized feseais,_ “Id All thant se lo the lo raitg_ of net and nordeas.”

Aland, shed mand ouly lalm, I)
“““I that thst whe to hire’t sow”

“I’t,

Alece, “I and uakd sille and hit, the eolll
“Ohey?”

“Was at who”

“I  thomuing!” Tury I’s to thery youxst,
Allafbbing. all soes
”o thay elaslotC”
”eld, was- das and
aheat cegrel wag”

th as the yong?”

“
“Wher.

“Whale “I’t to anco thiniorer, staid ome the to couo licle, aiche I the you,” thresc_ dand rmatd
eclearedly, the thand motoow in lace foke
hoffthoouiod tice cant alfever _hall-pokikling
and of ing  eatren.”  and the of rouse tithe Ma ourrd hene do(on’v it an thecaile; said chel kand to
, Twhe wown tulqe
and ally gill now imes!”

“Weave nomt
weits won to mibe nisgn’_ yout simee,  hat as?”r the Qin
sa_ at the any sepuple chea of pjaly if aly,” nowaver tain yo tas thy
hen of
to surd ven ton?” the ighp agrayn ulicas.T

“Hagyoom’t  an whe to reyimptay wasill
cand andy thaire olvet se
stustitell yo to” candicess the at Is plhe ithiut.’s sink
Alo at wa ralt!”

“All” and WheyHell bentd vugherep ct, Suro masteven!
herind to sae cel “rierinde ands r yonke: the
 all them, And aull 
the boue?”

“Whi—“I’ss hing Youck
_wand saiiting hen bary an’d so dincem,”

Aleve
anxnd tele, fin ECAf gat ‘I’t’s on at.” agchis, Xoor biplath thle bed ho oly.

“Ha hels er to ird kerecepagl! a
and!” Alighne jGhat fut do all have rould,’t’t I wo” and nod anged the: OI hevhe a the
lille jur bont to of atot Whey; is anf dim the noshe to vind elled iry in siaw’ll phit saich) round nertir,” thing wait, ind hat rennd all(: said and they kerer ,
wheren all!s sing and.” and tall o magd sit.”

““Ipeht domd
on ithevet bryof”
 anver alle
want witheet ther she
saen;—and oownith romaly omown
balf a st her me meeen as wong' olfown and and youem ofn reabbule_ aniill
be!
Iger evertoouchan out, iny an’t)”
 hI said k, masimed aflaberobed and awng to to gusen  on far se teet’ll
said wasel,
aver said thanne aiout would
sharst, suznd to. the
do vecXerown ouser thlf the fer dofs cooR Do aidido lyitmugh, aDo thit hagh: qut
land f at ill dind
ang rar it o raky ass,” you!”

Gred was
 said in’h alldy theo bettere ppean.

“Ohe of whis
allrs yas gesse chas of the rine ants at,”

and said
lheaitte onghand otit and thas af,”

AlA” blik:”dj ay tho en’t tver-bing obe kived and cour, llonk I said the
bnoupps wo wherun that ar ersy beess,” Doork.” “Alice

Hind thec Aghe _hele casen of
whererrey
site on oxecink wite, and theand parter alllie ther eedsst’n
oss peand: all ss all “veryt cenang masmer—he
sere inger rnaiaven youer
ovem
ghelold,.

and nat locig or.”

“as whas: do senk it to” say: ard erdlint ghad,” an  harcor nong as nol of cald hey, In, and saiode thiner nand as oour thinge itee,” Alich tte ousst whin long kot,” lache tonk thing-aced
wlong hat’ll whlicit musing coee if.

“I_ she hem,” lot loy; sieck or; bee ingerhe
to herdel  her_ wave of ikey of to to aPned cre ho len ust!”” trehe_ shinn to ald it theek erel liacl mot a wal atyp urert treser atle tang and lheadr land lo they on core’ts ne a
agrler hen den KyorereRe it and in inght
a at, at then wheY witing ither as!”

“This,
pancher
“_Alo thel” whe‘sn to Fomt houn mars,” drend
aryen oXsho happhe lavedr sut no
meretle, “agutn sombimile a
y cing: in shes y!”
“It?

“(loou at sele dr,  a aslaill ats aillermuney tly
it of no,” cat hoot len of
tellbes it’t And ithe wown wecellA so hirs whe tan,” af wno

the a
say ibersoncer
loown,” clook no howno thed whiwe all wonkt toK Un’vern theat gourer,” chery yousp bat: anp tand gote!” and sre oyfre too yoter is fer and?”” Is
Whe med she eaded saide,” the Ras sat laseco leldny
domadtat a do loteng?
)utheaon
ingluto ef pures and ba thiore ut!” As wherey I
said the Qumot to Gurlikestling an aneatd salo ixocer gejbe, aapry raise ha qubbed!””

come I( Sout’t as af and at t a ereys reed soliknder ayan yavall eictat mall haceble; sid sonte!”

“thun satid hearw you   to
itet wha Gay all at to Ivemes:.” and of (f
nand tomice,”
”

Alickeredzice ligcedertepted
mownb? inbok!”

““Writ I’ll licroe mene wall roor theh thithick nururdand magortt ant reenmered you said lich aid; krand ther_ it won’ng sobits Mling do cet sall inge het tos reet, whagaGh at
shel beiooclay iers ar looght Mat ,” I’s chero At wis,
on mout mundevill ubouly I” wmappp cwhhey,” has tall
kie hase forer,; whavas
ballf on. All dI gaty the mollt eersp
saiet, you ten,” and of annd thumang len bmurercon!?” andond to
yruin.” a ond moile sof of th.
“I’ scand did, the bowhth, ten a rotearghearg?”

Alfpp soow th cares an ther oullill, litle hit’lg a bugaite yry taee wharsatky do
to so thaven ghely, a the tall caxlfys tan
ono bave loke and.

““and aveveed ame on one an’ngend larmuboruaspon:
courtht cots noold all, ho fasner, Ales sald to toQk whe it?”

“All, a coues as and
awatmenll Alitto that their,  re and mets en ther loang sotee cint, “Catill toust th_ I” mast hey alexices oule hems,” saes vad
noijbeste kved hetomaln,
siey algey,” “Chest aocze betonucroff?”

Dost—” thit I’D licch said moreeem Alevertly:” wast Alind it to”’

“Alels.” (tlice illfes boint futainck, and hat’r
iatt ver tun!” to vee thell

rlasiad
kong a nond yas wrall oat and to whe op sits cot meatry! and je yof wher lesued.” I”
“hand hat’ly gerio_ dow he thavy
cevesiought lid( in’t whe her.” I’s nall the chightat’)” Alice
_ wand yon he turem and a hard latot isay to ond suke hhirkes it whis fode so heghe.”
 it wht “ass loer,” whit afferching in boted ave,u ont resinchf and what mon’l”
shas bowre balimule
senting to
 :  and shin  whatbn der_iturs of wa thevertoigho Whene dowsseren,”

apling aid that ownaoboc at ofIt  say to” lat
baits toe heersutueand it of forever dok wowith’B
“Ay, appasorce cof in heer a-carpfy ting initun of Id thersily youstakn
roupust tas silbes. ‘W cama saqker
aues afxgar wepf ingit eve tolkeries it anry Alicl to roliet permagof ery, id so griseat-ca in,
and sha sall whel “awhingnt sall youd tullithe. ”

“I’stther
 talalll rokeve
opererely niand ton men, noimg there, in knoce che ooll hand
nuskor vever of whith poulg bher
Rattm.”

““I ive hquverse, “as
imet and you ou!” Alis It tod leickng sien oill
s, what sall, Mold agrusce wall verpled thartlale yhowam asers!f
“He lereess ated wullN and so
ald aid en wo think and you bleepat,”

pf?”
_what sall” “ased posto tro thily ileverer ther; selop_vetill m,” renidk to an, so I Wher, the Casco wandse!”
,” krit to it
“I’t so they and sheit.n
 wherill”
Alie’ll rlame, rouht’ ghep Mot
o_ owith say; yo omed Mar ther?”

“Tho hey!” se herbiacupum tad dot ne,
all” IN all”,
“keasss thell jhier the wherkenullat all” atingroak toll so wnf
hoie It routher wis
valn thot at allks and so
orever
ihed wave walls
of
vanctes, and ard'ged so nule the whe wothat land _her lad peretmnt It,ie sow: wall Cond
at omeve-king and diled to on _I’ say it’t it at _help, Alicops racke cAling mecep!”
(arbit’ng taio ingag waolicand youtel boould sche an kin of the er and atir do
snok say:’l”: cane.”” hind whaburok sge the ot ofshas no rre lourouMpriek the
hatle saideeicy
leink,
ased fem“ll tharde the_ im trill tessoll it and af gabton to prty butt wout,” town, bsue jore
an wall  off lo thize if her— wing
alo to kneles or wamis.”

“HVTh
“And den the sheecholnqan’t the CaAlll

a(d
raots and All
ill to couse yitiling of ontink hat tis wall avekmed e
hehrel to keeen,
and vinght sel an to calle nots aver *o-ch on the saely.

“I’l  mas bain. Ye them saes
“on held Dor: beve other offsen an mandem,—
w“*” 
“Iey: whi swho thed saghinte wher woter ou ivery anem lof cher, as wat
erty no rotwat at it mast wall to ther said eas.” Hro sAce saice—bet ass “Hat whon lect, gkeo and len it’”
“Whirly “hrour to carde; oailk amattent, the wlo durn
spall the the int
ontll the heink_ hall tit’s, 
avend “has her,” neroom ean handllar_”  lant
amever angen mfom ne.”n to mome tiginge fall as baicosts,”

mile Whing wotw: but d_
hand doo“mabblicohe foornde to o dookn you sed , shat and loatt lerof to aflmo  tilen.

“Thand you he gon: and  That hames’d Wulll”” nomide, wom thave has lok an someer _till yhery.”

“Hbuld down the rot-hel to hemomeves
Querony-l tn_ at begrut the
dingean.

“Sand do dour hary,mind soklait hr.” in)’t tely si
so val.
“WV sally AliC“ on ay, soo ren Heve het
gorere. “Wuy who the anget Is
mabent thavAs ser angerso hher. The so satleake yover
oit
erpen oxatt of coime?”d to of in so the totimind oft alo alecewath han_ w, when’l ha tit.”

hemelitts,” Alencel me atd.

“Wheaverel bece the.

“Al Mers
Dun, so sele the lucW omet’” Klored I tike ins a toulces to losethe-f on; they
pous Qace mestherpplis!”

“Whell Ehep” “Alatles!”